docs: add notes on disableInstrumentations values (#682)
elastic/apm-agent-rum-js: docs/configuration.asciidoc

* `page-load`
* `history`
* `eventtarget`
* `xmlhttprequest`
* `fetch`
* `error`

> NOTE: To disable all http requests you should add both `fetch` and `xmlhttprequest`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: To disable all `http-request` transactions, you should add both `fetch` and `xmlhttprequest`.
```
